Replication backlog [doc-680] (#1389)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rs/administering/database-operations/updating-configurations.md

If a participating cluster that was removed forcefully returns attempts to re-join the cluster,
it will have an out of date on Active-Active database membership.
The joined participating clusters reject updates sent from the removed participating cluster.

## Replication Backlog

> Active-Active and Active-Passive databases are maintaining a Replication Backlog to keep synchronization among the clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Active-Active and Active-Passive databases maintain a Replication Backlog to synchronize clusters.
```

> By default, the Replication Backlog size will be set automatically allocated to 1% of the database size and be limited in the range of 1MB (min) - 250MB (max) per shard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the replication backlog is set to one percent (1%) of the database size and ranges between 1MB to 250MB per shard.
```

> It is also possible to toggle between the automatic allocation to a manual size allocation from the command-line:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [crdb-cli]({{< relref "rs/references/crdb-cli-reference.md" >}}) utility to control the size of the replication backlog.  You can set it to `auto` or set a specific size.  

The syntax varies between Active-Active and Active-Passive databases. 
```

> For an Active-Active database use [crdb-cli]({{< relref "rs/references/crdb-cli-reference.md" >}}) to run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an Active-Active database:
```

```text
crdb-cli crdb update --crdb-guid <crdb_guid> --default-db-config "{\"crdt_repl_backlog_size\": <SIZE_IN_BYTES | 'auto'>}"
```

> For an Active-Passive database use [rladmin]({{< relref "rs/references/rladmin.md" >}}) from the source database and run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an Active-Passive database:
```

```text
rladmin tune db <db:id | name> repl_backlog <Backlog size in MB or 'auto'>
```

> **For Redis Software before version 6.0.20:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**For Redis Software versions earlier than 6.0.20:**
```

> Replication backlog is set by default to 1MB and is can not be set dynamically ('auto' mode).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Replication backlog defaults to 1MB and cannot be set dynamically ('auto' mode).
```

> Tuning is possible only using [rladmin]({{< relref "rs/references/rladmin.md" >}}) applying to a local intanse of the database on each cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To control the size of the replication log, use [rladmin]({{< relref "rs/references/rladmin.md" >}}) to tune the local database instance in each cluster.
```

If a participating cluster that was removed forcefully returns attempts to re-join the cluster,
it will have an out of date on Active-Active database membership.
The joined participating clusters reject updates sent from the removed participating cluster.

> ## Replication Backlog

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Replication backlog
```
We use sentence case

> Active-Active and Active-Passive databases maintain a Replication Backlog to synchronize clusters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Active-Active and Active-Passive databases maintain a replication backlog to synchronize clusters.
```
I don't believe these need to be capitalized

By default, the replication backlog is set to one percent (1%) of the database size and ranges between 1MB to 250MB per shard.
Use the [crdb-cli]({{< relref "rs/references/crdb-cli-reference.md" >}}) utility to control the size of the replication backlog.  You can set it to `auto` or set a specific size.  

The syntax varies between Active-Active and Active-Passive databases. 

For an Active-Active database:
```text
crdb-cli crdb update --crdb-guid <crdb_guid> --default-db-config "{\"crdt_repl_backlog_size\": <SIZE_IN_BYTES | 'auto'>}"
```

For an Active-Passive database:
```text
rladmin tune db <db:id | name> repl_backlog <Backlog size in MB or 'auto'>
```

**For Redis Software versions earlier than 6.0.20:**

> The Replication backlog defaults to 1MB and cannot be set dynamically ('auto' mode).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The replication backlog defaults to 1MB and cannot be set dynamically with 'auto' mode.
```
